Add detach volumes in docs (#5128)
IBM-Cloud/terraform-provider-ibm: website/docs/r/pi_volume_attach.html.markdown

---

# ibm_pi_volume_attach

> Attaches volume to a Power Systems Virtual Server instance. For more information, about managing volume, see [getting started with IBM Power Systems Virtual Servers](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-getting-started).

Reviewer: Wait Dipti I talked @michaelkad and we need a new resource to detach. I don't think we need this PR anymore.

@michaelkad could you confirm?

Reviewer 2: @ismirlia I have looked back at it and we do not need another resource, since the destroy does the detach for this. The update is correct.

> Attach and Detach volumes to a Power Systems Virtual Server instance. For more information, about managing volume, see [getting started with IBM Power Systems Virtual Servers](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-getting-started).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Attaches and Detaches a volume to a Power Systems Virtual Server instance. For more information, about managing volume, see [getting started with IBM Power Systems Virtual Servers](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/power-iaas?topic=power-iaas-getting-started).
```
